ZTNA APIs [Public Preview] (#21578)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/networkaccess-conditionalaccesssettings.md

---
title: "conditionalAccessSettings resource type"
description: "Conditional access settings defines how you can restore users source IP and how you can use compliant network validation. Source IP restoration preserves your original user IP context for all AAD and M365 traffic, and compliant network validation ensures the user is connecting from a verified network."
author: "Moti-ba"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: identity-and-access
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# conditionalAccessSettings resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.networkaccess

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Conditional access settings defines how you can restore users source IP and how you can use compliant network validation. Source IP restoration preserves your original user IP context for all AAD and M365 traffic, and compliant network validation ensures the user is connecting from a verified network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conditional access settings defines how you can restore users' source IP and how you can use compliant network validation. Source IP restoration preserves the user's original IP context for all Azure AD and Microsoft 365 traffic, while compliant network validation ensures the user is connecting from a verified network.
```

Inherits from [microsoft.graph.entity](../resources/entity.md).

## Methods
|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|[Get conditionalAccessSettings](../api/networkaccess-conditionalaccesssettings-get.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.conditionalAccessSettings](../resources/networkaccess-conditionalaccesssettings.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.conditionalAccessSettings](../resources/networkaccess-conditionalaccesssettings.md) object.|
|[Update conditionalAccessSettings](../api/networkaccess-conditionalaccesssettings-update.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.conditionalAccessSettings](../resources/networkaccess-conditionalaccesssettings.md)|Update the properties of a [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.conditionalAccessSettings](../resources/networkaccess-conditionalaccesssettings.md) object.|

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |id|String|Id Inherited from [microsoft.graph.entity](../resources/entity.md).|
> |signalingStatus|microsoft.graph.networkaccess.status|Conditional Access policy includes zero trust network access information when SignalingStatus is enabled	.The possible values are: `enabled`, `disabled`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|id|String|Identifier. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.entity](../resources/entity.md).|
|signalingStatus|microsoft.graph.networkaccess.status|Conditional Access policy includes zero trust network access information when signalingStatus is enabled.The possible values are: `enabled`, `disabled`.|
```

---
title: "conditionalAccessSettings resource type"
description: "Conditional access settings. Admin can enable or disable conditional access signaling for source IP restoration and Connectivity through NaaS."
author: "Moti-ba"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: identity-and-access
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# conditionalAccessSettings resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.networkaccess

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Conditional access settings. Admin can enable or disable conditional access signaling for source IP restoration and Connectivity through NaaS.

Reviewer 2: Please rewrite - this makes little sense.  It should be about what this API does.

|[Create conditionalAccessSettings](../api/networkaccess-settings-post-conditionalaccess.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.conditionalAccessSettings](../resources/networkaccess-conditionalaccesssettings.md)|Create a new [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.conditionalAccessSettings](../resources/networkaccess-conditionalaccesssettings.md) object.|
|[Get conditionalAccessSettings](../api/networkaccess-conditionalaccesssettings-get.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.conditionalAccessSettings](../resources/networkaccess-conditionalaccesssettings.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.conditionalAccessSettings](../resources/networkaccess-conditionalaccesssettings.md) object.|
|[Update conditionalAccessSettings](../api/networkaccess-conditionalaccesssettings-update.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.conditionalAccessSettings](../resources/networkaccess-conditionalaccesssettings.md)|Update the properties of a [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.conditionalAccessSettings](../resources/networkaccess-conditionalaccesssettings.md) object.|

> |[Delete conditionalAccessSettings](../api/networkaccess-settings-delete-conditionalaccess.md)|None|Delete a [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.conditionalAccessSettings](../resources/networkaccess-conditionalaccesssettings.md) object.|

Reviewer: Only GET and UPDATE are supported.

## Properties

> |Property|Type|Description|
> |:---|:---|:---|
> |id|String|Id Inherited from [microsoft.graph.entity](../resources/entity.md).|
> |signalingStatus|microsoft.graph.networkaccess.status|Conditional Access policy includes zero trust network access information when SignalingStatus is enabled	.The possible values are: `enabled`, `disabled`.|

Reviewer: Isn't the signalingStatus property only the fancy term for enable/disable source IP restoration?
Suggestion
```suggestion
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|id|String|Identifier of the setting. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.entity](../resources/entity.md).|
|signalingStatus|microsoft.graph.networkaccess.status| Whether source IP restoration is enabled for Conditional Access. The possible values are: `enabled`, `disabled`. <br/> When enabled, the real source IP is shared with services such as [Conditional Access](conditionalaccesspolicy.md), [Identity Protection](identityprotection-overview.md), and [sign-in logs](signin.md) that rely on source IP information. For example, source IP restoration allows organizations to continue using IP location-based Conditional Access policies. |
```
